Here it comes.
News of hard work repayment
Said that the Dragon Kingdom has selected a new successor
Did you find out his identity?
I still need some things to see a doctor.
ASAP.
Memory store gives us precursor bits
Too dangerous
I need to know.
The owner who came back through the memory shop
What identity will it be?
If you dare to kill him again
The best and only acquaintance is
If we check my master
You took it alone
What to shoot, don't be so troublesome
I'll do it myself
Who are you?
You didn't return the second hand of your hands just now.
You are a pointy chicken dog
Yes, it's not easy once
We kissed the guy and walked away
They are all on Huangquan Road
What do you think?
Right
I warn you.
We stop defending
Our massacre is not a legal organization
You want to kill us?
I remember, don't worry.
Money was sent out today.
Since
Wait for the evidence to hide things here
The experts above us
You can still detect the paranoia.